# Contributing

You can contribute to Todo MVP in the following ways:

## Write an implementation

One of the goals of Todo MVP is to demonstrate that simple, server-side web
applications can be written in the language of your choice. So please, write an
implementation of the application! All that I ask is that it must pass the [acceptance
test][acceptance], and that it should hew closely to the priciples as outlined
in the [README][readme] (i.e. don't use a framework).

Other than that, anything goes! You may even see an implementation in a language
you're familiar with and think "I can do that better - or at least
differently". That's great! There's no reason we can't have more than one
representative of a single language.

Please include a README.md to your implementation to describe your approach, the
libraries used, your personal feelings about it, and (more importantly) how to
run it locally and (possibly) deploy it.

Then put in a pull request. Glory awaits!

## Write some CSS

As the HTML is consistent across all applications, perhaps you will be inspired
to write some CSS to show off just how great at presentation CSS 3 is. We
currently don't have a way of switching styles for an application in any
automated way, but maybe we should have a folder with a list of styles in.

Again, write a little bit of documentation to go with it - a neat trick you
used, why you like the colors, the best way of styling a button - and then put
in a pull request.

## Fix the HTML

The sooner this is done, the better, because the whole idea of the project is
predictated on all the implementations having the same HTML. So if there's some
way in which the HTML could be improved (I'm thinking especially in terms of
a11y here), then please open an issue and give me your ideas.

## Tell me I'm wrong

Is this the _right_ way of writing a server side todo web application? Did I
miss something glaring? Is there a _better_ way, a way which you want to show
me? Please, open an issue and let's talk about it.

[acceptance]: ./acceptance_test
[readme]: ./README.md
